TELCODOCS-405 updating multi-network policy to address SR-IOV support (#51793)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-networkpolicy-create-cli.adoc

ifdef::multi[]
+
--

where

`<network_name>`:: Specifies the name of a network attachment definition.
--
endif::multi[]
+
.Allow ingress traffic to one pod from a particular namespace
+
This policy allows traffic to pods labelled `pod-a` from pods running in `namespace-y`.
+
[source,yaml]
----
ifndef::multi[]
kind: NetworkPolicy
apiVersion: networking.k8s.io/v1
endif::multi[]
ifdef::multi[]
apiVersion: k8s.cni.cncf.io/v1beta1
kind: MultiNetworkPolicy
endif::multi[]
metadata:
  name: allow-traffic-pod
ifdef::multi[]
  annotations:
    k8s.v1.cni.cncf.io/policy-for: <network_name>
endif::multi[]
spec:
  podSelector:
   matchLabels:
      pod: pod-a
  policyTypes:
  - Ingress
  ingress:
  - from:
    - namespaceSelector:
        matchLabels:
           kubernetes.io/metadata.name: namespace-y
----
ifdef::multi[]
+
--

where

`<network_name>`:: Specifies the name of a network attachment definition.
--
endif::multi[]
+
ifdef::multi[]
.Restrict traffic to a service
+

> This policy blocks traffic to pods without the `app=bookstore` label. Traffic to pods with the `app=bookstore` label is allowed. Your application could be a REST API server, marked with labels `app=bookstore` and `role=api`. 

Reviewer: I'm not sure to truly understand this phrase. The policy says that every pod with both labels `app=bookstore` and `role=api` can be accessed only by pods with label `app=bookstore`.

Pods without the `app=bookstore` label is not affected by this policy. Maybe it's what you had in mind and I didn't get it?

Author: Corrected must have messed up the logic somehow

+
The use cases this example addresses are: 

> * Restrict traffic to a service only to other microservices that need to use it.
> * Restrict connections to a database only to the application using it.

Reviewer 2: With the list lead-in as a complete sentence, the current phrasing on these bullets throws me a little.

```suggestion
* Restricting the traffic to a server to only permit the microservices that need to use it.
* Restricting the connections to a database to only permit the application using it.
```
I am on the fence about my suggestion, honestly, but I hope it opens up a line of thinking.

+
[source,yaml]
----
ifndef::multi[]
kind: NetworkPolicy
apiVersion: networking.k8s.io/v1
endif::multi[]
ifdef::multi[]
apiVersion: k8s.cni.cncf.io/v1beta1
kind: MultiNetworkPolicy
endif::multi[]
metadata:
  name: api-allow
ifdef::multi[]
  annotations:
    k8s.v1.cni.cncf.io/policy-for: <network_name>
endif::multi[]
spec:
  podSelector:
    matchLabels:
      app: bookstore
      role: api
  ingress:
  - from:
      - podSelector:
          matchLabels:
            app: bookstore
----
ifdef::multi[]
+
--

where

`<network_name>`:: Specifies the name of a network attachment definition.
--
endif::multi[]
endif::multi[]
+
ifdef::multi[]
.Allow traffic from external clients
+

> This policy allows external service from the public Internet directly or through a Load Balancer to access the pod. Traffic from an external service is only allowed to a pod with the label `app=web`.

Reviewer: Sorry, also this phrase seems to be not 100% coherent with the example. Pods with `app=web` can be accessed by everyone (inside and outside the cluster). In addition, an external service can connect to other pods as well. Honestly, I don't know how to implement the scenario you describe. Do you have some reference with regular NetworkPolicies doing that?

Reviewer: Oh, great. With the "deny-all" policy in place, the statement makes a lot of sense

Author: @zeeke I updated with a worked example end-to-end https://51793--docspreview.netlify.app/openshift-enterprise/latest/networking/multiple_networks/configuring-multi-network-policy.html#nw-networkpolicy-allow-external-clients_configuring-multi-network-policy. To be honest, I tried to configure this without much success. I think it would need a QE in case I made a error. UI would suggest just install the allow policy it's one of the canned samples. PTAL

`<network_name>`:: Specifies the name of a network attachment definition.
--
endif::multi[]
+
.Allow ingress traffic to one pod from a particular namespace
+
This policy allows traffic to pods labelled `pod-a` from pods running in `namespace-y`.
+
[source,yaml]
----
ifndef::multi[]
kind: NetworkPolicy
apiVersion: networking.k8s.io/v1
endif::multi[]
ifdef::multi[]
apiVersion: k8s.cni.cncf.io/v1beta1
kind: MultiNetworkPolicy
endif::multi[]
metadata:
  name: allow-traffic-pod
ifdef::multi[]
  annotations:
    k8s.v1.cni.cncf.io/policy-for: <network_name>
endif::multi[]
spec:
  podSelector:
   matchLabels:
      pod: pod-a
  policyTypes:
  - Ingress
  ingress:
  - from:
    - namespaceSelector:
        matchLabels:
           kubernetes.io/metadata.name: namespace-y
----
ifdef::multi[]
+
--

> where

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
where:
```
Per the [contrib guide](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#code-blocks-command-syntax-and-example-output).

Author: Updated

> `<network_name>`:: Specifies the name of a network attachment definition.

Reviewer 4: I'm not sure, but I don't think this is rendering correctly. Also specified is capitalized and I don't think it should be.

Reviewer 3: "Specifies" should be capitalized.

--
endif::multi[]
+
ifdef::multi[]
.Restrict traffic to a service
+
This policy when applied ensures every pod with both labels `app=bookstore` and `role=api` can only be accessed by pods with label `app=bookstore`. In this example the application could be a REST API server, marked with labels `app=bookstore` and `role=api`.
+
This example addresses the following use cases:

* Restricting the traffic to a service to only the other microservices that need to use it.
* Restricting the connections to a database to only permit the application using it.
+
[source,yaml]
----
ifndef::multi[]
kind: NetworkPolicy
apiVersion: networking.k8s.io/v1
endif::multi[]
ifdef::multi[]
apiVersion: k8s.cni.cncf.io/v1beta1
kind: MultiNetworkPolicy
endif::multi[]
metadata:
  name: api-allow
ifdef::multi[]
  annotations:
    k8s.v1.cni.cncf.io/policy-for: <network_name>
endif::multi[]
spec:
  podSelector:
    matchLabels:
      app: bookstore
      role: api
  ingress:
  - from:
      - podSelector:
          matchLabels:
            app: bookstore
----
ifdef::multi[]
+
--

where

> `<network_name>`:: Specifies the name of a network attachment definition.

Author: I inherited this from a previous revision and simply copied to a new section. I think this was how it is supposed to render and to be honest I had a difficult time getting this `ifdef` logic to work as expected, so I am not really keen on messing around with it more. Hopefully we can live with it
